Possible Problems
-----------------

Problem: Unable to find <linux/version.h> when compiling.

You need the kernel source installed (at least the include files from
the kernel source).


Problem: Unable to find an include file when compiling
(e.g. <regex.h>).

You are either running a very old kernel, and/or a Linux distribution
which either installs some files in a non-standard location or is
missing some files. I have only tested eject under Red Hat Linux
for Intel.


Problem: Option -c produces "eject: IDE/ATAPI CD-ROM changer not
supported by this kernel".

You are running a very old kernel. If you want multi-disc changer
support upgrade to the 2.0 kernel or later.


Problem: Option -t produces "eject: CD-ROM tray close command not
supported by this kernel".

You are running a very old kernel. If you want multi-disc changer
support upgrade to the 2.0 kernel or later.


Problem: You get an error such as "eject: unable to find or open
device for: `foo'"

1. You did not specify a valid device or file, even after checking
/dev and /mnt.

2. The device is not readable by you. Change the permissions or
install eject setuid root.

3. Some devices (e.g. SCSI) can only be ejected by root. Run as root
or install eject setuid root.


Problem: eject doesn't work and the above solutions are no help.

Send me a description of the problem including the symptoms, what
Linux kernel and distribution you are running, the version of eject,
and the output of eject when the problem occurs, with the -v option.

Notes
-----

What I find is a convenient setup for accessing removable devices is
to use the auto-mounter built in to the kernel to automatically mount
the devices whenever the mount point is referenced. I have this set up
for /mnt/cdrom (IDE CD-ROM), /mnt/zip (IDE ZIP drive), /mnt/floppy
(VFAT-formatted floppy), and /mnt/dos (Windows 95 partition on hard
drive). The automounter also automatically unmounts the devices when
they are idle for a period of time. I set up /etc/fstab so that
non-root users can also unmount the devices at any time. I do not
need to install eject setuid root.

References
----------
See the man pages autofs(8), automount(8), mount(8)
